---
title: 'Update'
date: 2005-10-15T14:34:30+00:00

id: 5865
slug: 'update'
description: '\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t'
---

After three of my four Sleeg shifts of the week logged, I am becoming very tired of people. Question: Why does our society cater to the gutless? I have been dealing with officers Dunlop and Shultz of BPD regarding two separate mixes at the bar. I have two cocksuckers attempting to throw assault charges my way...for doing my job. Here I sit, typing with a crooked finger from one of two said incidents thinking that this is pure bullshit. Case one. I'm tending bar a few weeks back when a patron comes behind the bar to tell me that his drink is weak. That is trespassing my friends. I provided the dude with ample warning to relocate before removing him. He has told the police that I knocked the drink out of his hand, tossed him against the wall, and took him out back in a headlock. This is true. He has however failed to mention where he was when this happened. Case closed. Number two. Tony and I get involved with a kid regarding an ID. After being asked to leave numerous times, and being made aware of the fact that he was indeed trespassing, this all-star decides to get physical. I end up throated from behind by this guy's buddy, we hit the ground and start going at it. If there were to be any charges pressed, it should have been on this guy...I am however not a pansy. Anyhow, somehow this all plays out to have me looking at yet another ticket. How is beyond me. I am at a loss as to why folks in general are unwilling to take responsibility for their actions. There is no excuse for this nonsense in my opinion. Enough of that. I have been wrestling with my copy of photoshop, my ftp client, pjpg and JPG extensions, etc. and have not been doing a ton of posting. Look for a new section soon, however...I have one up my sleeve.