---
title: 'Its a Search Term Party!'
date: 2006-04-20T16:26:29+00:00
id: 6107
slug: 'its-a-search-term-party'
description: '\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t'
---

I hate to have to trump your post JLo, **but there ain't no party like a search term party! 'cause a search term party don't stop!**Whatever. Time has come, though, to let you all know some of the more assinine phrases we have encountered lately. From time to time it seems a person sees fit to fire up Google and enter a string of utter nonsense. "Show me what you are made of, Google." Google seems to think an appropriate response to these queries is throwing up a middle finger and a link to bouncerblog.com. Thanks Eric Schmidt. Here is your handy work: ***freemos pizza***--mo' pizza mo' fun. I checked this one out...we are number five on a google search for this term. Heeeeey! ***schweitzer fluid***--This actually has come up more than once. I find it amusing to picture the poor bolo tie-wearing bastard who so desperately seeks information about Schweitzer fluid that he clicks on "Montana Bouncers in Action" as a last ditch effort. More than once. Plus, after this post, bouncerblog.com will have mentioned Schweitzer fluid three times...you are screwed, buddy. ***ass story***--? ***ear bar***--What ***bubba keg***--There have been a few months where these little guys kept us interested in blogging. Thanks Bubba Kegs. ***beer bellies***--I suppose this is easier to type than "pictures of NateDawg and Bouncer B.O.B hangin' out"...the capitalization and grammatical marks get to be too much. ***slegion com***--I suspect this was keyed in at the Janes's compound at around four in the morning. "What's Griff and Swanny's website called slegion com?...dot gov?...look, Frank shit on the wall!" ***cute little rats***--Bev and her boyfriend ***stripper bar bozeman***--Josh ***ass shot***--Bev ***tribute to the hoff***--and... ***brokeback mountain the hoff***--I take pride in the inevitable fact that there are some Hoff fansite webmasters seeing a decline in traffic due to my post. Nerds. ***leather pants***--I love 'em too...but you better ask Jeeves. ***tony roof blog***--I wonder if this exists. Maybe you should grab the domain name, ShirtShop, just to be on the safe side. ***hawaii bar shirtless***--see leather pants ***working on colt .45***--This is one of my favorites. I can see two sticky situations: 1) I have only sucked the neck off this bottle of low grade malt liquor and my fellow gang members are about ready to see me puke all over myself, and 2) my god, I can't believe I knocked back two fortys at lunch...how am I going to get this goddam bank statement reconciled? ***wwkfd***--K Fed is probably checking out [my MySpace account](http://www.myspace.com/bouncerblog "swanny's profile") right now. We're tight like that. ***tweaker daryl***--Agggghhhh!!!Show me your conservation license and upland bird stamp!!!Mind if I vaccum out your glove compartment!!! ***razadecaza***--tippy tah dow...sempatow ***frankie munez shirtless***--This is why I decided to put this post together. You sick bastard. I hope you have that image in your head all day too. See ya.